include more faq (#1502)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/ShopifyV2.md

## FAQ

> - Can I use ShopifyV1 and ShopifyV2 together? No, ShopifyV1 and ShopifyV2 should not be used together. Using both versions simultaneously can lead to unexpected behavior, such as duplicate order record on Shopify. We recommend that you disable Shopify V1 and stick to only ShopifyV2

Reviewer: LGTM, Let's try to be consistent in naming. 
```suggestion
- Can I use Shopify V1 and Shopify V2 together? No, Shopify V1 and Shopify V2 should not be used together. Using both versions simultaneously can lead to unexpected behavior, such as duplicate order record on Shopify. We recommend that you disable Shopify V1 and stick to only Shopify V2
```
